Review Importing & Exporting Objects how-to (#4568)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/appstore/general/app-store-overview.md

* The **Share** button, which allows you to copy the URL of the component and share it to your networks
* **Download** – click this to download the component
	* This is only available for components that have a file attached (meaning, all shared Studio Pro components, but not promotions)

> 	* The best practice is to download a component from the Marketplace that is accessible in Studio Pro, because it then downloads directly into Studio Pro (for details on importing downloaded Marketplace content into Studio Pro, see the [Installing Marketplace Content](/appstore/general/app-store-content/#install) section in *Use Marketplace Content in Studio Pro*))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* The best practice is to download a component from the Marketplace functionality built into Studio Pro, because it then downloads directly into Studio Pro (for details on importing downloaded Marketplace content into Studio Pro, see the [Installing Marketplace Content](/appstore/general/app-store-content/#install) section in *Use Marketplace Content in Studio Pro*))
```
